switch out protobuf dependency for gpb (#5)
NFIBrokerage/spear: priv/protos/README.md

> ## How to generate the Elixir modules from these protobufs

Author: this file is a good read on how we generate the erl/hrl files from the protos

Author: oh crap just realized it says Elixir :facepalm: 

```suggestion
## How to generate the erl/hrl files from these protobufs
```

github is my ide
